README.md, before:

### Hi, I'm Dainyl - a Full-Stack Developer with a lot of D&D projects!

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dainylcua/)
[Twitter](twitter.com/dainylcua)
---
Currently enrolled in General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive Program. Developing a lot of D&D projects in full-stack aplications while finding new interests to create useful tools for. 

### Skills
JavaScript, HTML, CSS, React, Jquery, Express, MongoDB, NodeJS, Git, Matlab, and much more.

### Interests
Coding, Gaming (tabletop, PC, console, mobile), Music, Baking, Storytelling, and Graphic Design.

---
### Projects:

_More details can be found on each of the respsective pages._

[dispbeast.io-frontend](https://github.com/dainylcua/dispbeast.io-frontend): The front-end for an ecommerce-game site which uses React, Node.js.

[dispbeast.io-backend](https://github.com/dainylcua/dispbeast.io-backend): The back-end for an ecommerce-game site which uses MongoDB, Express.js, and Node.js.

[5eTale](https://github.com/dainylcua/5eTale): A CRUD custom item database which uses MongoDB and Express.js for the backend.

[DungeonSheet](https://github.com/dainylcua/dungeon-sheet): A psuedo-SPA (single page application) character creator which uses JavaScript and JQuery (and mimics a single page application)

---

_Check back for more - I'm always furthering my skillset!_

Commit message:

Adds new section and resume

README.md, after:

### Hi, I'm Dainyl - a Full-Stack Developer with a lot of D&D projects!

### [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dainylcua/)

### [Twitter](twitter.com/dainylcua)

---
I am a Full-Stack developer that recently graduate from General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive Remote Bootcamp! Developing a lot of full-stack D&D aplications while finding new interests to create useful tools for. 

### [Resume](https://github.com/dainylcua/dc-resume/raw/main/Dainyl%20Cua%20-%20Tech%20Resume%20General.pdf)

### Skills
JavaScript, HTML, CSS, React, Jquery, Express, MongoDB, NodeJS, Git, Matlab, and much more!

### Interests
Coding, Gaming (tabletop, PC, console, mobile), Music, Baking, Storytelling, and Graphic Design!

---
### Projects:

_More details can be found on each of the respsective pages._

[Dev-to-Dev](https://github.com/dainylcua/dev-to-dev): A full-stack CRUD forum developed in a group using Django and PostgreSQL. I took up the task of full-stack developer and GitHub manager for this project.

[dispbeast.io-frontend](https://github.com/dainylcua/dispbeast.io-frontend): The front-end for an ecommerce-game site which uses React, Node.js.

[dispbeast.io-backend](https://github.com/dainylcua/dispbeast.io-backend): The back-end for an ecommerce-game site which uses MongoDB, Express.js, and Node.js.

[5eTale](https://github.com/dainylcua/5eTale): A CRUD custom item database which uses MongoDB and Express.js for the backend.

[DungeonSheet](https://github.com/dainylcua/dungeon-sheet): A psuedo-SPA (single page application) character creator which uses JavaScript and JQuery with no JavaScript Frameworks.

---

### Hackathons, Challenges, and More:

#### Challenges:

[Advent of Code 2021](https://github.com/dainylcua/dc-advent-2021): I'm currently participating in 2021's Advent of Code! Progress: (12* / 12*)

#### Discord Bots:

[amonugsbot](https://github.com/dainylcua/amongusbot): A joke Discord bot I am currently developing for my friend group!

---
_Check back for more - I'm always furthering my skillset!_
